Update Vault guides (use LSP20) (#486)
lukso-network/docs: docs/guides/vault/edit-vault-data.md

</Tabs>

### Update the Vault data

Lastly, we need to send the transaction that will update the Vault data through the Universal Profile's `execute(..)`.

<Tabs>
  
  <TabItem value="web3js" label="web3.js">

```typescript title="Execute the calldata on the Universal Profile"

> // execute the `setDataCalldata` that updates the Vault data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// execute the `setData(bytes32,bytes)` calldata that updates the Vault data
```
